.. image:: images/EdenChain_Introduction/Permissioned_Blockchain.png
    :width: 750px

.. rubric:: Permissioned Blockchain
    :name: EdenChainIntroduction-PermissionedBlockchain

A permissioned blockchain has evolved as an alternative to
permissionless blockchain technology, which allows anyone to
join a network, such as Bitcoin and Ethereum. Permissioned
blockchain technology must be authorized by a network
administrator through an authentication process in order to
participate in the network.

Newly emerging blockchain technologies such as Kadena,
Tendermint, and Chain, adopted permissioned networks, and
Hyperledger, a blockchain open source project for the Linux
Foundation, also adopted the permissioned blockchain
technology. Eden is configured with a permissioned
blockchain to run smart contracts quickly and efficiently in
a trusted environment.

In a permissionless blockchain network such as Ethereum, a
smart contract runs on all nodes. This leads to significant
problems surrounding performance and efficiency. All smart
contracts are stored in an EVM within a blockchain network
and are executed according to certain conditions. If a
million, or a hundred million, smart contracts exist in an
Ethereum blockchain, serious performance problems may occur.
Miners within the network may prioritize running smart
contracts from which they can gain higher profits, that is,
those with higher gas, so all smart contracts may not be
executed. Although individually running smart contracts on
all full nodes are based on the philosophy of the
permissionless blockchain technology, individually running
and validating the smart contracts on all of the nodes at
all times is not considered efficient.

Eden is a permissioned blockchain that builds and runs a
trustworthy environment for smart contract execution. This
is achieved with the use of a platform that not only ensures
safety but also increases efficiency through the use of
nodes within namespaces which helps guarantee 100 percent
processing of all transactions.